What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository it creates an hidden .git directory.
This allows you to manage it with Git. You need to initialize a repository if you want to manage it with Git's version control.
----------------------
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area may not necessarily have all the files that the working directory does. It contains the files that you intend to commmit.
The staging area allows you to control what files exactly you intend to include in a commmit. This allows finer grain control over your commit history,
allowing you to maintain the "one logical change per commit" rule.
---------------------------
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Stage only the files pertinent to one logical change at a time, then commit accordingly. 
---------------------
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

If you're experimenting with multiple features, if you're considering multiple possible directions for a project, if you're experimentally refactoring code, etc.
If you're experimenting with multiple features, then branches would help you keep them separate from each other and keep a functioning code base while you finalize them.
If you're considering multiple directions, you can start multiple branches for each direction, invest a bit of time into each one until one of them becomes the favored choice,
then merge to master. If you're experimenting with refactoring code in different ways you could do something similar.
----------------------
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams allow you to visualize where the branches split off from other branches and merge together again.
It allows you to see what specific commits the branches come off from or merge to.
------------------------
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is a new branch that contains the merged result of the two brnaches based on the
tip of each branch and the commit where they both diverged from the original common branch. Lines and files removed from the
original are removed and lines and files added to the original are kept(?). The new commit stores information about both of its
parents.
--------------------------
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Manually merging allows total control, but requires a lot of coordination and effort.

Non-exhaustive list of pros and cons:
Pros (for auto merging):
simpler
allows conflict resolution

Cons:
less control
details may be lost
------------------------


